# Weekly Lab Meeting 9 - Agenda

*Notes on formatting:
Proposed places for the minute-taker to record the minutes during the meeting are noted as a quote ("> Response").
The minutes donâ€™t have to be a word-by-word exact record of what was said, they can be a quick and concise summary of the decisions taken by the team and the answers, feedback and suggestions given by the TA.*

Location: *DW IZ1*

Date: *Tuesday, 11th of April 2023*

Time: *14:15*
> Record start time of meeting

Attendees:
- Team 69: Georgi Dimitrov, Dimana Stoyanova, Matei Bordea, Pedro Gomes Moreira, Veselin Mitev
  - Chair: Matei Bordea
  - Minutetaker: Dimana Stoyanova
- TA: Alexandra Ioana Neagu
> Record who attended the meeting

## Agenda Items
1. Opening by chair
2. Check-in
    1. Make sure everyone has a copy of the agenda open
3. Approval of the agenda
    1. Does anyone have any additions/changes to propose for this agenda?
    > Make any necessary changes to the agenda and upload them so that everyone can see them
4. Teamwork Self Reflection
   1.  Do we need citations for the team self reflection?
        >Record response by the TA
   2.  What is the correct structure of the reflection as I saw that Sebastian told us on MatterMost that we should remove the conclusion and introduction but some passed on the feedback with those still on there?
        >Record response by the TA
5. Oral examination
   1. When will we have the oral examination because on mytudelft there is a booking on tuesday, thursday and friday?
        >Record response by the TA
   2. I saw on MatterMost a student asking about a document with the possible questions that might appear on the examination. What is that?
        >Record response by the TA
   3. Is the oral examination done alone? As a team together? Is everyone from the team on the same timeslot?
        >Record response by the TA
6. Admin mode
    1. We decided to have a password, and that this password will be passed as a program argument. Is this ok?
        >Record response by the TA
7. ReadMe file
    1. What exactly are we supposed to write in the readMe file?
        >Record response by the TA
8. Product showcase
   1. Matei - fixed trying to join a board with an invalid code, did some minor optimizations to UI usability and wrote tests for the whole server(controllers and services)
   2. Pedro - Created tag management and admin functionality
   3. Dimana - Did client side testing, dialogues for confirmation
   4. George - Did long-polling, fixed card priority
   5. Agnese - Did shortcuts debugging
   6. Vesko - Did card color presets, password protection, reformatting the code
9. Additional Questions
    1. Does anyone have any other questions for the TA before the meeting closes?
        >Record any additional questions and responses here, even if they were asked earlier
10. Closure
    >Record end time of meeting
