
# Weekly Lab Meeting 4 - Agenda
*Notes on formatting:
Proposed places for the minute-taker to record the minutes during the meeting are noted in italics, between square brackets [].
The actual minutes don’t have to be in square brackets, but they should keep the italic styling, so that they are easy to distinguish.
The minutes don’t have to be a word-by-word exact record of what was said, they can be a quick and concise summary of the decisions taken by the team and the answers, feedback and suggestions given by the TA.*

Location: DW IZ2

Date: Tuesday, 7 March 2023

Time: 14:45
> [Did the meeting start on time]

Attendees:
- Team 69: Agnese Ēlerte, Georgi Dimitrov, Dimana Stoyanova, Matei Bordea, Pedro Gomes Moreira, Veselin Mitev
- TA: Alexandra Ioana Neagu

> [Did everyone attend the meeting]

## Agenda Items
1. Opening by chair
2. Check-in
    1. Make sure everyone has a copy of the agenda open
3. Approval of the agenda
    1. Does anyone have any additions/changes to propose for this agenda?
    > [Do any necessary changes to the agenda if needed]
4. GitLab
    1. Regarding GitLab issues, what is the difference between milestones and epics? Does one milestone have multiple epics, or the other way around?
    > [Record response from TA]
    2. Should an issue on GitLab always correspond to one branch?
    > [Record response from TA]
    3. Why was the number of needed approvals per merge request changed? Can this number be increased or do we have to coordinate this ourselves?
    > [Record response from TA]
    4. Can we enable "fast-forward only" merges for the merge requests?
    > [Record response from TA]
    5. Is it a good practice to use "git rebase" or "git merge" before creating a merge request? If so which one should we use?
    > [Record response from TA]
    6. For the meaningful MR, it two members worked on a branch and merge it, do the two of them pass for this criterion, or only one of them? 
    > [Record response from TA]
    7. Should we set up git pull.rebase?
    > [Record response from TA]
5. Application
    1. Is the way that we split the tasks between the team members good enough?
    > [Record response from TA]
    2. UI progress
    > [Record response from TA]
    3. Database (entities and repositories) progress
    > [Record response from TA]
    4. Server progress
    > [Record response from TA]
    5. How good is our progress on the application currently compared to other teams? Is our pace of work sufficient?
    > [Record response from TA]
6. Heuristic usability report
    1. Who is going to reveal our application's usability?
    > [Record response from TA]
7. Question round
    1. Does anyone have any other questions for the TA before the meeting closes?
    > [Record response from TA]
8. Closure
> [Record end time of the meeting]
