Weekly Lab Meeting 6 - Agenda
*Notes on formatting:
Proposed places for the minute-taker to record the minutes during the meeting are noted in italics, between square brackets [].
The actual minutes don’t have to be in square brackets, but they should keep the italic styling, so that they are easy to distinguish.
The minutes don’t have to be a word-by-word exact record of what was said, they can be a quick and concise summary of the decisions taken by the team and the answers, feedback and suggestions given by the TA.*

Location: DW IZ2

Date: Tuesday, 21 March 2023

Time: 14:45
> *The meeting started at: *

Attendees:
- Team 69: Agnese Ēlerte, Georgi Dimitrov, Dimana Stoyanova, Matei Bordea, Pedro Gomes Moreira, Veselin Mitev
- TA: Alexandra Ioana Neagu

> *Did everyone attend the meeting?*

## Agenda Items
1. Opening by chair
2. Check-in
    1. Make sure everyone has a copy of the agenda open
3. Approval of the agenda
    1. Does anyone have any additions/changes to propose for this agenda?
   > *Do any necessary changes to the agenda if needed*
4. Questions regarding the update to the state of a board
   1. Choosing between full and partial refresh (refreshing the whole UI every time there is an update to the 
   board that is opened or partial refresh where only the relevant elements of the UI are refreshed
    > *Record responses from TA*
   2. Sending the board of the stage between the server and the client
      (when there is an update, should we send the state of the whole board or send only the changed parts of the state)
   > *Record responses from TA*
5. Heuristic usability report
   1. what is the difference between the draft and the final product?
   >*Record responses from TA*
   2. When should we let the team that we are working with do an evaluation for us, since our UI is not functional, can we wait for example a week,   before giving our project over to them?
   >*Record responses from TA*
   3. How do we distribute our application to them? Do we work with them in person?
   >*Record responses from TA*
6. Application - show what functionalities we have merged into main 
    >*Record feedback from the TA*
7. Work distribution
   1. Is the way that we have distributed the work from the last meeting to now okay?
      (Dimana - refresh method + fixing a bug, Matei - work on the list UI element , Veselin - sync the server and client side, 
       Pedro - refactoring the Board and List UI elements, Agnese -, George - web sockets)
   >*Record feedback from the TA*
   2. Does the TA have any suggestions about the work distribution for next week?
   >*Record feedback from the TA*
8. Question round
    1. Does anyone have any other questions for the TA before the meeting closes?
    > *Record responses from TA*
9. Closure
    > *Record end time of the meeting*
