# Feedback

1) Meeting organization: Pass - The chairman and minute taker were assigned from the previous meeting.

2) Agenda: Excellent - Agenda followed the template and covered all the relevant topics, and it was posted sufficiently in advance before the meeting.  

3) Chair performance: Very good - The chair took the lead well in covering the agenda, spending the right amount of time on each topic as to try to not go over the meeting time. You created a very professional atmosphere, which was unfortunately sometimes spoiled by the constant interruptions. It would've been an "Excellent", if not for the fact that in the future you could try to involve more the other teammates who are not contributing to the conversation. If some teammates are naturally more talkative, especially in a pushy way, this might make people who are less inclined to talk in group meetings even more silent, so in this cases try to directly involve them, by directing questions at them in a nice, non-ostracizing way, such as "What do you also think?".

4) Time management: Very good - The time management this meeting was definitely an improvement from previous weeks. We managed to not go over the time limit this week and go through all the points that we needed to. There were still topics that we spent a lot of time on that could've been covered in a shorter time, and took away from the time of other topics, and in the end the meeting timing was tight, but neverthless it's an improvement from the past weeks. Great job on that and keep it up! 

5) Minute taker performance: Excellent - The notetaker was talking notes of the discussions and making sure that all important topics were written down.   

6) Attitude & Relation: Sufficient - During the meeting, there were primarily 3 people talking, with the others not being given a chance to contribute at all to the discussion. You were interrupting or talking over each other a lot, and that created a quite chaotic atmosphere at times. You were especially talking over the chairman, which is very disrespectful and impacts the quality of the meeting a lot. I understand that multiple people want to ask questions at the same time, or add on top of what someone is saying, but in the future try to do that after that person has finished talking (e.g. ask "Can I add something on top of that?" and then see if that person has finished talking and if there is an opening in the discussion, instead of starting to talk over them).  

7) Potentially Shippable Product: Very good - The UI is extensive and nicely done, and the functionality you have implemented so far is extensive and well developed. You are definitely more than on track with the project, and it's really good that you are already working on the more advanced features. It would've been an "Excellent", if not for the fact that there was still a lot of big chunks of functionality that were not yet merged (e.g. the card edit pop-up). I understand that a lot of the features take more than a week to implement, but you should still strive to implement a basic working version  of these features, do weekly merges to main, and then refine and improve these features in the following sprints.  